The Proposal of E-Commerce on
Competition in the Indian Product Exclusive Sales Industry

S. Dileep Kumar
(Dildileep@india.com)

This version: July 2015



ABSTRACT


This paper analyzes the impact of e-commerce on markets where established firms face competition from Internet-based entrants with focused offerings. In particular, we study the retail sector and implement the Indian based concepts of business where the growth of online marketing and the availability of alternate sources of information and research services have challenged the dominance of traditional marketing. We develop a stylized game-theoretic model to analyze the impact of competition between an incumbent full service firm with a bundled offering of research services and trade execution.
The analytical model motivates a unique field experiment placing actual simultaneous trades with traditional full-service and online markets, to compare order handling practices and the quality of trade execution. In keeping with our analytical results, our empirical findings show a significant difference in the quality of execution between online marketing and Future of Indian products 
This enhances the growth in the Indian made product especially available on the online portal to the world to enhance the productivity of individual retailer
We discuss the relevance of our findings for quality differentiation, price convergence and profit decline in a variety of markets where traditional incumbents are faced with changes in the competitive landscape as a result of e-commerce.
This project is mainly focus of Indian Product Growth with the inspiration of “MakeInIndia”

“Why can’t we Give Something to the Indian’s made Products” as an Indian Love from I.T 

Keywords: E-commerce, impact of IT, Indian Products, execution quality, Indian Markets.








INTRODUCTION

This paper brings out the impact of e-commerce on markets where established full-service firms
Offering a broad range of goods and services face competition from Web-based entrants with
Narrower product offerings. In particular, we study the E-commerce market, which experienced rapid growth in the share of online market providing low-priced trade executions. Retail market represents one of the most successful applications of e-commerce; for instance, the number of online accounts grew from 7 million in 1998 to over 31 billion in 2013, with online market responsible for 76% of U.S. retail trades in 2012.

What is E-Commerce?
Though there exists no standard definition for the term e-commerce, it is generally used in the sense of denoting a method of conducting business through electronic means rather than through conventional physical means. Such electronic means include ‘click & buy’ methods using computers as well as ‘m-commerce’ which make use of various mobile devices or smart phones. This term takes into account not just the act of purchasing goods and /or availing

 
SOURCE: University of Wales Swansea

E-Commerce Model - An Industry wise Analysis
The growth of the e-commerce industry over the last few years is definitely undisputable, at the same time it is important to understand that success stories of e-commerce as a model have been observed in certain specific industries. According to a recent report by the Internet and Mobile Association of India13, the travel industry accounts for nearly three-fourths of the commerce that takes place online and e-tailing taking the second spot with a small share of 8%. The figure below shows how the market shares of some of the important e-commerce businesses in India.
 
Source: Internet and Mobile Association of India - Digital Commerce (March 2011)
E-commerce Success Stories
 
1) Flipkart 
2) IRCTC

Investments in the E-Commerce Space in India

 


Proposed Article 

E-commerce is the leading Hub of electronic items in the present market hence the idea of creating online portal a place to sell and buy only Indian products if arranged it will rock the market of E-commerce 

Business aspect: 

We can daily see lot many products with “made in china” on it with this implementation we provide the Indian markets and retailers of small scale and large scale to produce they product world with quality marking from the Indian government  
When we bring out a unique website built developed and brought with high End GUI
It will surely hit the clients/customers 

Market size and growth
India's e-commerce market was worth about $3.8 billion in 2009, it went up to $12.6 billion in 2013. In 2013, the e-retail market was worth US$ 2.3 billion. About 70% of India's e-commerce market is travel related.
 India has close to 10 million online shoppers and is growing at an estimated 30% CAGR visa global growth rate of 8–10%. Electronics and Apparel are the biggest categories in terms of sales.

Key in Indian e-commerce is:
•	Increasing broadband Internet growing at 20% and 3G penetration. 
•	Rising standards of living  and a burgeoning, upwardly mobile middle class with high disposable incomes
•	Availability of much wider product compared to what is available at retailers
•	Busy lifestyles, urban traffic congestion and lack of time for offline shopping

Building a web Portal Exclusively only for India and Indians made product 

This enhances the growth of the creativity in different fields from the scratch to high end business products which also ends up as a business in both high and as well as low-level 
Business is a business at its initial stage which brings us more business when satisfied

Key Features:

There are some Indian Product lovers (I’m one among them) who will love to buy only Indian made products other than other foreign products which adds a point to the sales of us
The President of India Mr.Modi made a call for make in India with a webpage “MakeInIndia”
It is an additional plus for the business purpose

Technology required: (as of my knowledge)


For the competitive world as of my knowledge there is a vast requirement to satisfy a customer needs and questions with accuracy 
Customer service, satisfaction, survey, legacy, Etc.

Bringing out the catchy domain name 

Requirements:
Jumla, HTML5, Jss, SQL, Java, GUI editors, etc. 
Servers, Hosts, Responsive servers, SMS & Email protocols, etc.

If there is some innovation to creating new things which emerges in today’s market is a plus point in the business and well as bringing out some talents out of the pot.





Conclusion:
This investigation proposes that IS and e-Commerce researchers have focused on a narrow set of stakeholders in the burgeoning e-Commerce field. Specifically, work has primarily addressed customers and the internal organization. These issues have attracted most of the research resources because the fledgling status of NEOs has encouraged research and practice to concentrate mainly on identifying ways to attract customers and better ways to internally manage the NEO.
The proposal of E-commerce Website in a new way to attract the customer’s to bring them the WOW Factor is important than an ordinary business with the same old stuff which is already in the market  bringing out new thoughts before others think about this is a uniqueness 

Pre Implementation: 
	This proposal of mine is prior implemented in a small free web space which was selling electronic goods as a demo if I could make it work in the WWW
That was an initial step taken by me for this proposal if it can reach out all the peoples across the world 

URL: www.dildileep.my3gb.com (demo web page)

 
(Mobile browser)


The proposal is of building a webpage and a host which enables the client from both buyer and seller aspect to be gained in they own means of profit 
We the I.T Provide a platform for the clients to enhance the business which indirectly increases the growth of the company in both revenue and in name & fame wise 
It’s totally a Business mechanism to obtain the WOW Factor for whom so ever.

About the Author:
Name: Dileep Kumar S 
From: K.G.F
E-mail: dildileep@india.com

 

ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
I Thank Emphasis and my members of emphasis specially who is reading this article

References:
	Dr. Nada M. A. Al-Slamy, "E-Commerce security" IJCSNS - VOL.8 No.5, May 2008
	The Impact of E-Commerce on Competition in the Retail Brokerage Industry,Yannis Bakos, Henry C. Lucas,Gary Simon Siva Viswanathan Bruce Weber
	Rui Wang, Shuo Chen "How to Shop for Free Online Security Analysis of Cashier-as-a-Service Based Web Stores". IEEE S&P‘11 proceedings
	Google.com
	Guruji.com
	India.com
